feat(styles-primeng): add `design-system-styles-primeng` package back with preset (#7919)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/heavy-ravens-type.md

Reviewer: Can you also document the SCSS output that should be removed?

---
'@swisspost/design-system-styles-primeng': major
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
---

> Added back the `@swisspost/design-system-styles-primeng` package. It is no longer overriding the CSS styles behind the hood but now exports a preset to be used as the theme of PrimeNG.

Reviewer: When you read the change log, the package was not removed, there were simply no new version in between: 
```suggestion
Updated the package output to fit with new PrimeNg API. It is no longer overriding the CSS styles behind the hood but now exports a preset to be used as the theme of PrimeNG.
```
